Python Worksheet 1 

1. - C
2. - B
3. - C
4. - A
5. - D
6. - C
7. - A
8. - C
9. - A,C
10. - A,B

Statistics Worksheet 1

1. - A
2. - A
3. - B
4. - D
5. - C
6. - B
7. - B
8. - A
9. - C
10. Normal Distribution is a probability distribution that is symmetric about the mean, showing that data near the mean are more frequent in occurrence than data far from the mean. 
In graph form, it represents the distribution of many random variables as a symmetrical bell-shaped graph.

11. Ways to handle missing data :
1. Deleting Rows
2. Replacing With Mean/Median/Mode which is Mean or Median Imputation- This can be useful in cases where the number of missing observations is low. 
However, for large number of missing values, using mean or median can result in loss of variation in data
3. Multivariate Imputation by Chained Equations (MICE) Imputation -To set up the data for MICE, it is important to note that the algorithm uses all the variables in the data for predictions.
In this case, variables that may not be useful for predictions, like the ID variable, should be removed before implementing this algorithm.
4. Random Forest imputation-
One caveat is that random forest works best with large datasets and using random forest on small datasets runs the risk of overfitting. The extent of overfitting leading to inaccurate
imputations will depend upon how closely the distribution for predictor variables for non-missing data resembles the distribution of predictor variables for missing data.
5. K-nearest neighbour (KNN) imputation - is recommended

12.A/B testing is a basic randomized control experiment. It is a way to compare the two versions of a variable to find out which performs better in a controlled environment.
It is a hypothetical testing methodology for making decisions that estimate population parameters based on sample statistics. 
 
13. Mean imputation is the replacement of a missing observation with the mean of the non-missing observations for that variable. Mean imputation is not reccomended due to the below 
factors:
1.If just estimating means: mean imputation preserves the mean of the observed data
2.Leads to an underestimate of the standard deviation
3.Distorts relationships between variables by “pulling” estimates of the correlation toward zero

14. Linear regression attempts to model the relationship between two variables by fitting a linear equation to observed data. One variable is considered to be an explanatory variable, and the other is considered to be a dependent variable.
Linear regression has the formula Y= mx+c where Y is the dependent variable, x is the explanatory variable , m is the slope and c is the coefficient.

15.Two main branches of statistics are Descriptive and Inferential Statistics.



Machine Learning Worksheet 1

1. - A
2. - C
3. - B
4. - C
5. - B
6. - A
7. - A
8. - A
9. - A,B
10. - A,C
11. - C,D
12. We can use Batch Gradient Descent, Stochastic Gradient Descent or Mini Batch gradient descent. If the number of training data is huge, batch gradient descent is computationally expensive.
Hence, it wouldn’t be preferred to use batch gradient descent when the dataset is large.
In such cases, if the number of training examples is large, then stochastic gradient descent or mini-batch gradient descent is preferred.
Mini batch gradient descent works well with large training examples in reduced number of iterations.

13.The normal equations method does not require normalizing the features, so it remains unaffected by features in the training set having very different scales.
Feature scaling is required for the various gradient descent algorithms. Feature scaling will help gradient descent converge quicker.

